Update ZBOSS libraries to release v3.9.0.0 && remove Zigbee GP Combo Basic libraries (#580)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: zboss/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project in the |NCS| are documented in this file.

Main branch
***********

All the notable changes included in the |NCS| main branch are documented in this section.

Changes
=======

* Added APS commands dups detection.
* Fixed ZR going out of capacity due to many joins/rejoins.
* Added NCP protocol version checks.
* Fixed unsolicited NCP commands not being handled correctly.
* Removed precompiled libraries for Zigbee Green Power Combo Basic functionality.

> * Updated the ZBOSS stack to version ``3.9.0.0+4.0.1``.

Reviewer: `3.9.0.1` due to documentation build issues?

Author: Will be changed - waiting for new sdk to be built

Author: Changed to 3.9.0.1, marking as resolved

> Changes
> =======
> 
> * Added APS commands dups detection.
> * Fixed ZR going out of capacity due to many joins/rejoins.
> * Added NCP protocol version checks.
> * Fixed unsolicited NCP commands not being handled correctly.
> * Removed precompiled libraries for Zigbee Green Power Combo Basic functionality.
> * Updated the ZBOSS stack to version ``3.9.0.1+4.1.0``.
>   For detailed information, see `ZBOSS stack release notes`_ for the main branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added
=======

* Added APS command duplicate detection.
* Added NCP protocol version checks.

Updated
=======

* Updated the ZBOSS stack to version ``3.9.0.1+4.1.0``.
  For detailed information, see `ZBOSS stack release notes`_ for the main branch.
* Removed precompiled libraries for Zigbee Green Power Combo Basic functionality.
  
Bug fixes
=========

 * Fixed an issue where Zigbee Router would go out of capacity due to too many joins or rejoins.
 * Fixed an issue where unsolicited NCP commands would not be handled correctly.
```

Author: Done
